README.md, before:

### Welcome to my profile 👋

## About Me
  <b>Name:</b> Omar El Hefny </br>
  <b>Job Title:</b> Mobile Developer (Android,React Native )</br>
  <b>Current Company: <a href="https://www.nagwa.com/">Nagwa Limited</a> </br>
  <b>Resume:</b> https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GlFbYhZEFjs7S2OGRbZVie5UehfDmIEn/view </br>
  
## Repos List By Category
  ### Android
  <a href="https://github.com/ohefny/CleanMovies"><b>Clean Movies</b></a>:- A remake of movies app to demonstrate the usage of clean arch with mvvm</br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/FeedMe-Application">FeedMe-Application</a>:- </b>An Application that allow users to follow blogs, magazines, and other sites that matter to them by fetching these sites feeds and allow the user to read them by fetching the full article if needed</br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/StockHawk">StockHawk</a>:- </b>Stock Hawk is an Android application the traces the changes in stockes</br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/Movies-App-Udacity-Nanodegree">Movies App</a>:- </b>Android app that shows a grid of movies sorted by user specific criteria</br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/TaskTracker">Task Tracker</a>:- </b>This is an android app that helps you to track the time you take at each task of any project or any daily routine</br>
  
  ### React & React Native
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/Would-you-rather-react-app">Would you rather</a>:- </b>A Web app to simulate a would you rather game </br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/Flashcards-Reactnative">Flash Cards App</a>:- </b>Flashcards an app for Android and iOS that lets you create cards for revising and test yourself , and helps you organize these cards inside categories (Decks).
  </br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/MyRead-React">My Reads</a>:- </b>A Web app to simulate a customizable book library in which user can Search for Books,Add books to one of his bookshelves,Remove books from the shelves and Move books between shelves</br>
  ### College Projects 
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/FlowchartConverter">Flowchart Converter</a>:- </b>FlowchartToCode is a free C# application that helps you create programs using simple flowcharts</br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/ZSearch-Meta-Search-Engine-">ZSearch (Meta search engine)</a>:- </b>Metasearch engines take input from a user and send out queries to third party search engines for results.</br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/TicTacToe">Tic Tac Toe Game</a>:- </b>This is an AI Agent for Tic Tac Toe (XO) game on 8x8 board This game is implemented in Java/JavaFx</br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/CLiteCompiler">CLiteCompiler</a>:- </b>This is Compiler for CLite Language .. this compiler include only three phases of compiling process ( Lexical Analysis,Parsing,Semantics Analysis)</br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/ClinicManagementSystem">Clinic Management System</a>:- </b>This is a Clinic Management System written in C# </br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/One4All_MediaPlayer">One 4 All Media Player</a>:- </b>A Desktop media player written in Java and JavaFX</br>
     <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/vending_machine">Vending Machine</a>:- </b>Simulation for vending machine implementation using ATMega16 , Proteus and CodeVision</br>
     <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/Proccesses-Scheduling-Algorithms-Simulator">Processes Scheduling Algorithms </a>:- </b>Simulation for Processes Scheduling that takes place in OS.. Four Different Algorithms implemented ( Round-Robin , FCFS ,SJN,Proirity Scheduling ) in C#</br>
  
<!--
**ohefny/ohefny** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
🌱 I’m currently learning React and Front End Development </br>
🔭 I’m currently working on <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nagwa.connect.students">Nagwa Connect App</a> and 
   <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nagwa.studio">Nagwa Studio App</a> </br>
📫 How to reach me: o.hefny@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/ohefny/

Commit message:

add What I'm doing righ now ? section

README.md, after:

### Welcome to my profile 👋

## About Me
  <b>Name:</b> Omar El Hefny </br>
  <b>Job Title:</b> Mobile Developer (Android,React Native )</br>
  <b>Current Company: <a href="https://www.nagwa.com/">Nagwa Limited</a> </br>
  <b>Resume:</b> https://drive.google.com/file/d/1GlFbYhZEFjs7S2OGRbZVie5UehfDmIEn/view </br>
  
## Repos List By Category
  ### Android
  <a href="https://github.com/ohefny/CleanMovies"><b>Clean Movies</b></a>:- A remake of movies app to demonstrate the usage of clean arch with mvvm</br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/FeedMe-Application">FeedMe-Application</a>:- </b>An Application that allow users to follow blogs, magazines, and other sites that matter to them by fetching these sites feeds and allow the user to read them by fetching the full article if needed</br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/StockHawk">StockHawk</a>:- </b>Stock Hawk is an Android application the traces the changes in stockes</br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/Movies-App-Udacity-Nanodegree">Movies App</a>:- </b>Android app that shows a grid of movies sorted by user specific criteria</br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/TaskTracker">Task Tracker</a>:- </b>This is an android app that helps you to track the time you take at each task of any project or any daily routine</br>
  
  ### React & React Native
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/Would-you-rather-react-app">Would you rather</a>:- </b>A Web app to simulate a would you rather game </br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/Flashcards-Reactnative">Flash Cards App</a>:- </b>Flashcards an app for Android and iOS that lets you create cards for revising and test yourself , and helps you organize these cards inside categories (Decks).
  </br>
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/MyRead-React">My Reads</a>:- </b>A Web app to simulate a customizable book library in which user can Search for Books,Add books to one of his bookshelves,Remove books from the shelves and Move books between shelves</br>
  ### College Projects 
  <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/FlowchartConverter">Flowchart Converter</a>:- </b>FlowchartToCode is a free C# application that helps you create programs using simple flowcharts</br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/ZSearch-Meta-Search-Engine-">ZSearch (Meta search engine)</a>:- </b>Metasearch engines take input from a user and send out queries to third party search engines for results.</br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/TicTacToe">Tic Tac Toe Game</a>:- </b>This is an AI Agent for Tic Tac Toe (XO) game on 8x8 board This game is implemented in Java/JavaFx</br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/CLiteCompiler">CLiteCompiler</a>:- </b>This is Compiler for CLite Language .. this compiler include only three phases of compiling process ( Lexical Analysis,Parsing,Semantics Analysis)</br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/ClinicManagementSystem">Clinic Management System</a>:- </b>This is a Clinic Management System written in C# </br>
    <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/One4All_MediaPlayer">One 4 All Media Player</a>:- </b>A Desktop media player written in Java and JavaFX</br>
     <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/vending_machine">Vending Machine</a>:- </b>Simulation for vending machine implementation using ATMega16 , Proteus and CodeVision</br>
     <b><a href="https://github.com/ohefny/Proccesses-Scheduling-Algorithms-Simulator">Processes Scheduling Algorithms </a>:- </b>Simulation for Processes Scheduling that takes place in OS.. Four Different Algorithms implemented ( Round-Robin , FCFS ,SJN,Proirity Scheduling ) in C#</br>
  
<!--
**ohefny/ohefny** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
## What I'm doing righ now ?
🌱 I’m currently learning React and Front End Development </br>
🔭 I’m currently working on <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nagwa.connect.students">Nagwa Connect App</a> and 
   <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nagwa.studio">Nagwa Studio App</a> </br>
👨‍🏫 I’m currently giving sessions on CS Fundamentals, Intro to programming and Object-Orinted Programming  </br>
📫 How to reach me: o.hefny@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/ohefny/
